dang nice legs Sebastian thank you I
grew them myself no no the're custom
table legs it's AMD ultimate $5,000 Tech
upgrade time and this time it's going to
be engineering whiz kid Sebastian from
Creator Warehouse he has worked on all
kinds of sensible products like our new
Precision screwdriver which is why
today's theme is sensibility nice new
ryzen laptop sensible 3D printer very
very sensible but then again Sebastian
is also responsible for making this
resin infused natural wood and Polished
brass screwdriver that never saw the
light of day because it would cost
$300 it's pretty things might go a
little off the rails
[Music]
hey Gamers we're back with another AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade which means of
course another huge AMD giveaway this
time you have a chance to win the
Ultimate Upgrade gaming bundle which
includes an Rog Lix a ryzen 79700 x CPU
and Asus R stck motherboard and 32 gigs
of lightning fast ddr5 memory enter
right now by clicking the link in the
description thanks again to AMD for
being a great partner and keeping this
series and the giveaways going strong I
got to say normally the first thing I do
is run around and look for stolen goods
from the office but instead I'd like to
appreciate the decor thanks this place
is so tasteful and alive I don't think
there's anyone else on staff who has
this many plants that aren't dead I just
killed a bunch of recently but you don't
see them anymore right no one will know
seriously though who else could have all
their pots out on a shelf like this and
still have it look tasteful this uh peg
board I made a few months ago at the
shop I love the art did you paint these
yourself we did I used to have glasses
well I thought that one was you but oh
thanks this table is great is this
another project it is I poured the epoxy
in the bathroom and who but Sebastian
could have a chest High tool drawer in
his living room and still have it not
look out of place it's also got other
stuff like pens some camera gear LTT
store.com I noticed you have other
screwdrivers too I actually just got rid
a bunch of them are you cheating on the
LTT scw driver room just a
bit Ah unfortunately this drawer was
also a bit
incriminating I made those myself at
work after work with work equipment yeah
this was a proposed uh bit storage
solution that it just doesn't Okay it
holds them pretty well but it didn't
feel enough to be a product I'll admit
they were planted that was like planted
for me to find something stolen no I
want them to be
revived we'll talk about this later how
did you end up with our new cables
product testing
product testing I was actually seeing
how flexible it is connected to a
controller okay so that is a concern one
of the things that we did to make our
cables really stand out from the
competition you see how thick this is
every single conductor has its own
shielding so it's a coaxial style cable
and this is for the maximum in Signal
integrity and charging rate this is a 20
GB per second 240 W capable cable but
because we use like a super nice
silicone outer sheathing it's still
really flexible so far so good no
complaints that is so Co I didn't take
it but it's
awesome this Red Bull is probably from
the office that's mine oh that's yours
Reese that is from the office now this
isn't from the office but it's much more
interesting what on Earth is this these
are actually from the
office because my kitchen table can
store away having the chairs out in the
like way doesn't really help so
dude just like that you do know we live
in an earthquake zone though right they
should be fine speaking of your hideaway
table you designed this right do you
want to show it to us yeah we're going
to put it together oh cool oh it's part
of the upgrade yep which table is which
I see two sets of legs so there's three
three sets where the devil are you going
to put another three tables so the Ikea
legs they're gone they were just the
temporary legs for the kitchen table as
the legs were not done yet these legs
are the desk that is getting switched
off of Ikea legs okay to these ones that
I made you made this that is so cool
yeah so we used oxia sunlan torch to
heat up the 3/4 in steel bar then you
just take your hands and you just bend
it and then instead of having to do all
the bends at once I well did each Bend
individually and then welded it back
together I can't believe how store
Factory manufactured it looks like it's
the desk is going to go onto these legs
and we're going to Cable manage this
Abomination over there oh and it'll
actually be the right height for you now
because this is small even for me what
the heck is going on with this also it's
very temporary and it's been temporary
for 5 years ah yes temporary the most
permanent form of Airy considering how
well fought out basically everything
else in here is I'm disappointed it's
not even attached it's just resting on
it you'll see tell you what while you
and David swap out the legs on that why
don't I have a look at the PC upgrade
sounds good before we do that we should
probably assemble the kitchen table so
we actually have place to work right
wait a second subastian this is also an
unfinished project it's more stable but
it looks even worse than yours yeah this
is just plywood yeah it's going to look
pretty at one point see we've discovered
the double-edged sword of being a person
who likes elegant tasteful Solutions it
takes a long time to implement them and
everything that's not implemented is uh
well you don't have time for exactly it
gets functional and then you don't touch
the project for a few years and then you
finish it the things Sebastian takes
from the office are less
tangible but that's a lot of machine
time there's more things too yeah I bet
I bet there are this one's fun oh that's
okay how much machine time is this
couple hours each but it's tough to
calculate because a lot of the cost of
machine time is the cost of the operator
especially an experienced operator is
worth a lot if you hire them out on a
contract basis it's also hard when
because a lot of the cost is also when
you're running the machine 100% of the
time which we aren't that sounds like a
rationalization oh my God this was even
jankier than I thought oh yeah it's 100%
just double-sided tape on Ikea legs oh
oh the came apart before the tape this
is why I'm replacing them I guess we'll
need a screwdriver to put all of this
together now I could use a regular
screwdriver or I could use the wooden
metal one but what I'd like to use is
this because you guys have some
explaining to do about this whole
situation they commissioned the creation
of a 4X scale Precision multi-bit
screwdriver that is so big it holds
Precision multi-bit screwdrivers in the
storage cap they never told me how much
it cost oh what's your guess each we
have three of them we made three it was
cheaper to get three no I bet it wasn't
per unit yes we didn't think it was
going to be approved who approved it I
don't know someone above Kyle okay well
that means it's more than $500 yep I'm
going to say
$1,200 go up a bit sh$ 1,500 a little
bit more 2,000 yeah pretty much each
each
yeah we were shocked it got
approved why marketing what do you mean
marketing the other big screwdriver sold
a lot of screwdrivers did it yeah it did
three of those is more than the upgrade
yeah I will say it's satisfying for this
yeah there's kind of specific steps you
have to do it or it won't go together
nice these go like that
okay I help y wash your hands it makes
some noise but then the bolts we're
going to put bolts in here and here and
we have to attach these before we attach
this Frame to this or else you can't put
the bolts in got it okay so you invented
a folding saw horse leg
yeah basically you know those gray
tables that are really ugly at events
yeah I wanted one of those but that
looked
prettier next up we've got the custom
Hardware that just about delayed the
shoot today yeah I forgot them at my
desk it does look beautiful oh wait
Sebastian could you turn off those
lights over there for me please
hey that's faster it really is isn't it
it really is I I assume that the top end
kind of goes on the outside so there's
two different sizes who do you think you
are Apple I know so those ones go in the
bigger hole Yeah and the other one goes
on the other side beautiful do you have
a mallet we need to uh need to pinch it
down a little more I don't actually have
a mallet but I do have this it's the
next best thing that is I hate that so
much this really is gorgeous you guys
are getting pretty good with the tormach
at this point aren't you yeah we're kind
of at the point
where we're kind of out the
we're we're at the point where the
machine's probably holding us back
almost it's kind of at that point that's
two pitches trying to bring bring this
product back and trying to get better
Machinery I thought I was here for an
AMD ultimate Tech upgrade we haven't
even talked about AMD yet why don't you
show me what we're supposed to be doing
oh my god that's way heavier than it
looks what the oh oh that's so cool yeah
so it's thicker in the middle what to
just give it more rigidity and more it
was just kind of for fun I wanted to
make make it thicker and have a long
chaer dude it looks so stylish yeah the
thing that we're going to do right now
is these grooves oh I love it so these
go like that and then the Arches just
snap on it's also so stable compared to
everything before you could St like you
could jump on it it's
great yep we can just wipe it off
uh Sebastian are you expecting the holes
to line up with the recepticles this is
a spring pretty much right now yeah you
just you stretch it and yeah and it goes
in the other thing too is the legs after
they were welded they're not all square
so the holes in the desktop are all
square and lined up yeah and it
basically pulls everything into position
got it wait a second why do you get that
and I get this I did actually bring mine
today I should go get my screwdrivers
speaking of dude this is so cool I made
this yesterday actually I freaking love
it yeah it's $30 for a Precision
screwdriver without the bits but this
should give you some idea of why it's
actually a shockingly complex piece of
mechanical
engineering she a little heavy yeah yeah
it's sturdy okay okay now you said I
could jump on it
[Music]
no before we can get the p we're going
to have to flip this table off of them
though which I think it is ready to go
right pretty much we just have to put
these in oh what are those doing they
make it actually stable oh nice this 3D
printed pin holds your whole table up so
these 3D printed Parts I'm going to make
out of metal at some point key word
being at some point I couldn't help
noticing one of your Corners is uh cut
yes uh I screwed up when I was making it
but we've got an accident piece to fix
it oh let's see oh oh that looks sick
and a brass screw that looks like you
meant to do that I know it's the sherro
approach it fits with the AMD upgrade
it's like the little gold corner on a
CPUs hey oh yeah speaking of which we're
finally going to take a look at that
computer now that I can put it on this
desk are you sure you don't want to
cover the surface of this oh yes I know
what you're
saying he's picking up what I'm throwing
down all right what all am I upgrading
on there exactly I see some PTM 7950
thermal P ad I see a 5800 X 3D processor
oh 2 TB SSD the main upgrade is the
framework laptop the desktop was already
pretty good just need a new CPU and
that's kind of the beauty of it if you
don't want to upgrade to an am5 platform
get new ddr5 memory get a new
motherboard you're running what was it
3,000 series yep
3600 5800 X 3D that's going to be a huge
upgrade well I mean depending on the
kinds of games you play what are you
going to be playing lately I've been
playing a bunch of satisfactory okay
well that's ensive in certain ways 3D
vcash anyone now David said that there
was going to be a bit of a challenge in
today's video he wants one of us to
tackle the desktop upgrade so CPU swap
thermal paste and an SSD and one of us
to build a framework laptop tell you
what I'm a sporting man which one would
you like I want to do the framework but
I've never really looked at how you put
them together this is going to be
challenging then for you it might be
three two one go okay here we go now I
already know the answer to this but if
we don't address it on camera I'm sure
that AMD won't be super thrilled about
it so I'm going to ask you which version
of the framework laptop did you get this
is the AMD version oh good do you happen
to remember which CPU it is
7840 U you can actually play even
semi-recent AAA games at 720P 1080p like
it's going to be about like a steam deck
or a first generation Ally but it's got
a 2.8k
screen yeah the oh dude the new screen
is so nice new screen I would love to
have a touchscreen framework dude every
time I see narv I bog him about it I do
have to say though this is a nicely
built little machine I think you're one
of the first people who's done one of
these
upgrades whose system is not disgusting
I'm looking at you
David I think I've got enough hair to
make another dog I was looking at his
thermal paste spread here it took me a
second you're using the offset Mount I
didn't think that was a thing back when
ryzen 3000 came out it wasn't I don't
think okay I put this fairly recently
probably the last 6 months for those of
you wondering why you would want your
cooler mounted slightly offset on your
CPU many modern AMD chips don't have the
compute dieses in the center they're
actually a little bit lower so by Cent
entering the heat sink on the dyes
rather than on the heat spreader which
here you go you can see what that ends
up looking like on here you can end up
cooling them more effectively how are
things going for you Sebastian I have
put the SSD in Nice in goes the ryzen
5800 X3 that is a really nice little
upgrade it is amazing how long AMD
supported this am4 platform and the
substantial upgrades that people who
invested in it can now put into their
machines investment disclosure I'm
invested in framework I think it's super
cool that you can take apart and put
together their whole machine with just
the one two bit screwdriver that they
include but on the other hand he's also
invested in LTD store.com yeah it is a
bit of a pain in the butt to apply but
once you get it on it performs really
well the trick to winning the race is
when lonus does both things both things
oh well oh cool you went with the clear
bezel I saw that it existed we sent them
a message and they sent one over Dude I
love the clear bezel yeah the clear
bezel looks super cool
now I couldn't help noticing you boot it
up into Windows you probably think that
you won right maybe well I couldn't help
noticing that your machine doesn't have
any IO yet uh no it does not this race
ain't over boys let's see how quickly
Seb can open up for Io modules and plug
in four USB C's and how quickly lonus
can install a
GPU anyway there's your upgraded machine
Let's Go boys you said it was still boot
though right yeah I was still boot no
look mine's starting
up you don't even have a monitor on the
desk right now this is so cute yeah I
have an X1 P1 something and it's so
bulky this is like so compact I haven't
actually owned a 3D printer even though
I've been working with them for like 15
years that surprises me a lot yeah but
I've just never really needed to have
one at home okay so why the A1 it was
cheap it was on sale
this was 200 US is it doing something
right now likeing calibration oh okay
basically it goes and vibrates and
figures out what stuff to ignore yeah
it's super cool one of the reasons the
bamboos can go so fast is they'll like
rip around and then they'll like cancel
out the vibration of the surface they're
sitting on just
like oh yeah and bamboo has cool little
accessories that is super cool I bought
the illuminated like photo frame one oh
did you see that one no yeah so you uh
it's like a it's like a little um
diffused like backlight thing oh and
then you print a scene yeah and then
they've got ones for like little lamps
what's the first thing you're going to
print uh probably just the the little
boat the Beni it's
green it's pooping he's pooping I made a
little poop I'm a watching you poop sick
all right oh it sings Let's go do your
peripherals okay now these speakers are
old yep no need to replace them audio
engine 2os chairs new and the UPS is new
guys high five for responsibility if you
like to not lose your work you should
have an uninterruptible power supply at
your workstation and even just to take
better care of your components we have
noticed that we've experienced better
stability with computers especially if
they have crappy input power when we use
an uninterruptible power supply that
Smooths out the incoming voltage which
is important at the office because our
power is terrible I do know this
scrapyard Warriors I think either number
two or three Austin Evans had an
overclock that worked just fine on one
circuit and was unstable on another
circuit plugged in in our office now I
couldn't help noticing that for someone
who I don't know doesn't play that many
games these days you picked up a 34
in600 38 good gravy that thing is huge
to be fair it's also our TV okay that
makes sense sensible tasteful chair too
why' you choose this I like the color
and again sensible so you spend a lot of
money for an office chair but it is
comfy how much is a lot of money 1,000
us this is
$1,000 Herman Miller I guess that's
amd's problem
yeah dude this thing's ripping so hard
it's actually moving around on the
island very similar yeah that one
doesn't have hot glue on it though
seeing double oh my God so the new ones
you got the wireless hyperx whatevers
what are these cloud something Cloud
something Cloud 3 Cloud 2 this is going
to be a nice little upgrade over that
old zoi which respectable Mouse but is
it Wireless it's not wireless does it
have a
4,000 Hertz pulling rate dongle does not
did you really feel this was necessary
not particularly oh okay cuz it does a
thousand Herz out of the box anyway I
think so I don't know the exact specs
but yeah something like that okay uh
wait I don't see a keyboard keyboard is
not getting replaced I made this why
would you before be careful it kind of
opens up it's a custom build very cool I
love the look yeah that is a gorgeous
piece of wood you've got yourself there
goes well with your nice
legs it's the combo it is amazing what
you can print for a couple hundred bucks
these days what all are we changing we
are taking the monitor that was over
there all right putting it here so this
one's out it's going it's I was just
kidding I'm not going to throw it on the
ground and then other than that new
keyboard the Lenovo doc oh okay so
basically we're setting it up so that
you just have one USBC into the laptop
and you're done that's it and this is
Heather's desk yeah so uh why didn't she
get legs those are coming are they yes
when next 5
years well there nothing if not honest
now tell me this I you know I don't tell
people internally to like buy Frameworks
I don't push for us to use them for our
laptops they there's good things about
them but there's also more challenging
things about them which Austin Evans
point out recently in his video they are
not super price competitive what made
you decide on a framework cuz you could
have gotten any laptop there was a few
things there definitely positives and
negatives I like that in 5 years you can
swap out the main board and you can use
the old main board to do like a little
server or something like that I think
that's super cool framework hasn't
committed 5 years of support for this
chassis but but sure maybe sure even two
three years whatever it is the fact that
you can customize your IO I think is
really big because a lot of laptops now
come with like one USBC or yeah two all
right so you went with SD usba USBC and
HDMI yeah and I've got some more USB C's
now Heather's new keyboard looks amazing
this is gorgeous my keyboard at work is
same type but black and they're really
pretty I couldn't help noticing that in
addition though to not upgrading
Heather's desk you did a very very how
you say piss poor job of the cable
management some effort was made you
manag to tie these bricks to one of our
magnetic Cable Management holders but
there's absolutely nothing to stick it
to and it's all
just there used to be some metal plates
beside the desk there used to be there
used to be okay so are we going to at
least like yes we W make it pretty okay
we should do
[Music]
that I was about to say see this is why
you need a desk Pad but like if I put
this much work into building beautiful
desk I probably wouldn't want to cover
the whole thing up either yeah dude I
love the vibe here wait why is this part
of the decor are you keeping this it's a
bunch of uh defective
precisions oops mister I like don't like
game that much 100% complete Elden ring
okay hey sure I like the games I like
Elden ring
Hades you said you didn't play
intensive to the computer to the
computer Elden Ring's pretty demanding
it's
yeah okay I mean yeah sure I guess um
fine oh yeah and we didn't even show the
finished Cable Management dude this is
awesome this is ree's Cable Management
we'll see David's in a bit Yeah Reese's
is probably better than David's don't
look too close do you notice a
difference in performance right the
second no okay but we'll see oh I guess
it depends on how large of a factory you
so exact how big of a factory is this
moderate okay do you have a bigger one I
have not gotten that far yet you just do
very simple things of you take iron make
a like iron Rod sure wait how is this
the game you're just doing what you do
for work it's different I couldn't help
noticing do you play tape to tape I do
really yes a man of culture I think you
might have started like a lot of people
playing tape to tape oh really it's so
good it's really good maybe we'll do
lonus versus Sebastian tape to tape as
as a float plane exclusive lm. g/ flat
plane we can decide once and for all who
gets to use the name Sebastian I was
going to say it's a Sebastian versus
Sebastian the dongers did you create
this team
yep let's go oh dang it let's go let's
go let's go right in front a let's go
paner
nickel what what okay but before we go
check out the laptop setup there's a
reveal yes the most sensible purchase of
the whole time okay I'm not familiar
with this brand you probably wouldn't be
metmo okay so it's a cube right I mean
oh no it isn't uhuh yeah
but it's a fidget toy you can pull it
fully out I'm going to say that this is
300 bucks that's very close nice it's
400 you could get this or you could get
the 3D printer already on tape to tape
nice one USB set nice freaking awesome
and she has a reasonable size monitor
now yeah not as big as yours no that's
been a common theme in these upgrades
everyone gets the nicest thing for
themselves and then Theo gets the like I
don't know hand me down I got legs for
my desk she doesn't have legs yet I mean
she got a new mouse too no she already
had it oh so she already had a better
Mouse than you yes can you explain this
chair to me I would like you to see you
try
first no what come on close come on am I
close
not is it's supposed to be on your knees
on your knees wait what like this it's
actually so
comfy o I don't know guys well the good
thing is that Sebastian's happy and I
love this setup the amount of care and
attention that went into your setup and
then Heather also got a setup upgrade
and David cable managed this so if you
want to see underneath wo wo wo W wo
whoo wo W it was not to be seen dude and
I even forgot about the new dining room
table I freaking love the space savings
here in spite of all the money he wasted
I think Sebastian still managed to have
one of the more minimalist and practical
setups and that's with $400 on a metal
cube and $11,000 on a Herman Miller
chair yeah sensible just like this
sensible Sho for our sponsor AMD without
whom we couldn't do the $5,000 Tech
upgrade series and really get to know
the truly fascinating group of people
that we have working at lus Media Group
and Creator warehouse and Flo plane and
all those companies that I work for too
if you guys enjoyed this video maybe
check out sherrod's which was the polar
opposite not very sensible at all